Previously on "How To Get Away
With Murder"...
Antares going public is the
reason my father killed Wes.
So no more wavering.
We have to get those files
and leak them
before they go public.
I need you to plan
an office party for Friday.
I'll give a speech,
and let those man-children
know this boss-bitch don't play.
We have to use Tegan's card
to get into the server room.
I said no!
We just say
someone else stole it.
-Who?
-Simon.
You got hit by a random virus.
It's not your fault.
This could
get me deported.
What?
Nate: You went to him
for therapy, didn't you?
Please.
Don't tell Annalise.
Am I triggering you?
Who told you that?
Tell me.
Was it Bonnie?
It's your ex-wife.
I am so happy.
And I don't want
to wait anymore.
Marry me.
I'm sorry.
I've been lying to you.
What?
We know who killed Wes.
♪♪
Tell me where
the baby is!
Start CPR!
[ Flatline ]
[ Cellphone rings ]
Hey, we're not supposed to be
using our phones.
The party.
Th-The party part.
Why?
What?
Pardon me.
Sorry.
Sorry, look out, sorry.
On your left.
Sor--
Lazlo: Oliver!
I found her.
This is my wife, Mariah.
Oh, Laz has told me so much
about you --
So sorry --
bathroom emergency!
[ Chuckles ]
[ Elevator bell dings ]
♪♪
[ Sighs ]
Nothing's wrong yet,
so don't worry.
[ Sighs ]
They're gonna be mad.
They're always mad,
so...
[ Exhales sharply ]
It'll be fine.
[ Elevator bell dings ]
[ Breathing heavily ]
♪♪
We've got a problem.
Annalise knows everything.
What's wrong?
What's on your face?
Oh, my God.
Oliver.
Oh, my God!
♪♪
Please
don't blame Laurel.
Of course I blame her.
It was my decision
to keep this from you.
Yeah,
because she bullied you.
No, that's not true!
Please, just --
Think twice before you say
anything you'll regret.
Give me the ring back.
What?
I offered it to you when I
thought we were in a good place.
No longer applies.
♪♪
Laurel, open up!
Connor,
just let us explain.
You told them
we were coming?
♪♪
What are you gonna do?
You gonna tie me up
like we did Rebecca?
♪♪
Let's hope
it doesn't get to that.
♪♪
[ Elevator bell dings ]
[ Elevator stops ]
♪♪
[ Sighs ] This is a dump.
[ Elevator bell dings ]
♪♪
I have to tell you
something.
Go home.
It involves Isaac.
I know, Bonnie.
What is it about me getting
better that you can't handle?
Are you afraid that
I'll finally stop needing you?
Is that it?
All I want is for you
to stop needing me.
Then stay the hell away
from my patients!
Bonnie: It was a moment
of weakness.
I was hurt,
and I wanted you to hurt.
Did it work?
Are you happier
now that you've thrown yourself
at another man
in my life?
Isaac: Did you even think
about Annalise?
About how this could jeopardize
my patient's sobriety?!
What about
your sobriety?
You know, I haven't thought
about using until this moment.
It wasn't about Annalise
or thinking
about what happened with Stella
that brought me low.
But you, doing this --
I'm doing everything in my power
to keep you alive.
It was me.
I told the Attorney General
to put Isaac on the stand.
Oh, stop.
It's what got
your case certified.
I did that for you --
I said stop!
I can't do this anymore.
I can't keep forgiving you
for all the horrible,
sick things that you do.
And the only reason
I did it before
was because
I knew you'd survived hell,
like me,
but no more.
It's not that
I'm like you.
It's that I love you.
Are you still in love with me,
is that it?
You and I have both moved on,
Isaac.
There is not a part of me
that doesn't understand that.
You saw me
in an intimate relationship
with a powerful,
attractive woman,
and you couldn't handle it.
Do not insult me!
The fact that
you're the one bringing up
how close you got
to Annalise
speaks way more about you
than it does about me.
Isaac helped me see it,
that all of this,
every insane thing
that we do to each other,
it's a form of love.
Stop saying that word,
Bonnie!
This is me
knowing what I want.
And I know that I love you
and that I need you,
and maybe you can love me, too,
and that's okay.
It's all okay.
Get in the elevator
and don't come back.
You're gonna need me again.
I'm scared of you.
Get out before I call 911.
♪♪
[ Door opens ]
[ Door closes ]
♪♪
Of course
I'm telling Annalise.
Annalise is
in a good place.
Distracting her with this
is no way
to protect the person
who's saved your ass
time and time again.
I'm trying to protect
all of you.
That's not
your responsibility.
Apparently it is
when you can't see
that you're putting your
unborn child's life at risk.
Laurel's not even going
to the party.
Well, what about Simon?
Wes's mother
was an immigrant.
You really think he'd be okay
with you now framing one?
Actually, this could help him
get his visa.
What?
Technically, we're framing him
as a whistleblower,
which could help him
get his S-5 visa.
He'd just need to make a deal
with the Attorney General.
You have no idea what
you're talking about right now!
Frank: All right,
let's just breathe.
You're pissed off,
understandably.
Yeah, and you're the person
that I'm the most pissed off at
in this room right now!
This is why
Annalise hates you.
You never grow up,
you never learn.
All you are
is this little boy
that'll do anything
to make Mommy happy.
The only difference now
is Mommy's Laurel
instead of Annalise!
-Oh, my God! Get off!
-What are you doing?!
-Let go!
-Oh, my God!
-Get off!
-Let go! Get off him!
Frank, let go!
-Oh, my God!
-Let go of him!
[ Coughing ]
My God.
[ Wheezing ]
[ Coughing ]
I am sorry
that we didn't tell you, Connor.
I just want us all
to be safe.
Why is that
so hard to understand?
None of us are safe,
Connor!
Do you not remember
what Wes' body looked like
in that basement
when you cracked his ribs
when you were trying
to give him CPR?!
Yeah, my father did that
to him!
And then you lied to us
for all these months.
You told me you hated yourself
so much
that you would want to do
anything to make it up to me.
Well, now's your chance.
You don't have to help.
You just have
to do nothing.
Please...
[ Cellphone rings ]
[ Sighs ]
[ Clears throat ]
Who is it?
Annalise.
I left her a message
on the way here.
Give me the phone.
Don't do it, Walshy.
Just think
about what you're doing.
Please do not pick up.
Hey.
What do you need?
♪♪
I can hear you breathing,
Connor.
Sorry, uh...
Do you need me to do
any work on the class-action
this weekend?
No, let's take
the weekend off.
We deserve it.
I mean it.
No calls or texts
unless it's a disaster.
Okay.
♪♪
Thank you so much.
Don't.
The minute
something goes wrong,
I'm calling her.
Nothing's gonna go wrong.
Well, I'll know if it does
because I'm gonna go
to the party now.
Connor...
No, no,
no, Asher's Michaela's plus one,
and I'm gonna be his.
I'm serious.
If anything feels off,
I'm pulling the plug.
[ Orchestral music plays ]
♪♪
Those pours are weak.
We want people drunk.
Fill them to the brim.
T-Bird, incoming.
♪♪
Look who brought
a plus one.
He bullied me
into bringing him.
Only so I could properly
celebrate the woman of the hour.
I hear this deal
was all you.
You've trained him well.
And your girlfriend's
an all-star
for pulling this off
last-minute.
I know.
Is there anything she can't do?
[ Chuckles ]
Now I just need
to get this speech over with
so I can ditch these nerves
and actually have some fun.
I can hold your clutch
while you mingle.
This is a McQueen.
Only I hold it.
Oh, really? It kind of clashes
with the dress a little.
Excuse me?
[ Laughing ]
He's kidding!
Totally!
[ Both laugh ]
I'm a jerk like that
sometimes.
[ Laughs ]
All right, time to let
the board kiss my ass for once.
Excuse me.
Donald.
Obvious much?
It's not like
your plan worked.
She didn't get it.
Good, let's call
this whole thing off.
Connor, please.
Are you about
to scold me?
Because the guy
who's been lying for weeks
doesn't get to complain
right now.
You lied to me, too.
How so?
Your dad said
we weren't right for each other,
and you never told me.
I was protecting
your feelings.
I was doing the exact same thing
for you.
Oliver's right.
What?
Whatever you two
are fighting about,
I side with Oliver.
Uh, okay,
we weren't fighting.
Where's your date,
Simon?
Your mom was busy.
Hey, what's it feel like to be
around so many successful people
knowing that you'll never be
one of them?
Trust me, I wouldn't want
to be in your shoes right now.
Okay,
this is a work function,
so why don't we try
acting like adults.
Adults have jobs.
♪♪
So much for empathizing
with the DACA kid.
I'm not the bad guy here
tonight.
♪♪
[ Woodkid's "Iron" plays ]
♪ Deep in the ocean,
dead and cast away ♪
♪ Where innocence
is burned in flames ♪
♪ A million miles from home,
I'm walking ahead ♪
♪ I'm frozen to the bones ♪
♪ I am a soldier on my own,
I don't know the way ♪
♪ I'm riding
at the heights of shame ♪
♪ I'm waiting for the call,
the hand on the chest ♪
♪ I'm ready
for the fight and fate ♪
♪♪
Bonnie: Isaac helped me see it,
that all of this,
every insane thing
that we do to each other,
it's a form of love.
♪♪
Isaac: You lost a child.
That pain alone is enough
to level a parent.
♪♪
Connor: You can't see
that you're endangering
your unborn child's life!
Asher: You are putting
everyone's life in danger --
your baby,
Oliver, Michaela.
♪♪
Jacqueline: I think Isaac
is using again.
Annalise: And I'm triggering it.
That's what you're saying.
You two were
a perfect storm.
-Well, Wes is already dead!
-And whose fault is that?!
Frank:
We're supposed to be getting
our lives back together.
You can survive this.
I'm afraid Isaac won't.
Connor: I just want us all
to be safe.
Why is that
so hard to understand?
[ Cellphone rings ]
Finally.
[ Gasps ]
Hello?
♪♪
What are you talking about?
Isaac: You're gonna have
a relapse, Annalise.
If you walk out of here,
you're gonna drink.
♪ I'm frozen to the bones ♪
♪ I am
a million mile from home ♪
♪ I'm walking away ♪
♪ I can't remind your eyes,
your face ♪
♪♪
Hey.
I could really use
one of our AA meetings.
♪♪
Isaac: I-I don't know
what to say.
There is no apology
to make up for putting
you in this situation.
Jacqueline put me
in this situation.
We both did.
And --
And that has, uh...
[ Sighs ]
I understand
if you want to report me.
I'm not telling them.
And you don't need to make
that decision right now.
You would lose
your license.
And if anyone understands
how terrifying that would be,
it's me.
And before you thank me,
know I'm being selfish.
♪♪
I want
to keep seeing you.
♪♪
Hey.
Hey, Oli.
Everything okay?
Yeah.
Just, um...
Look, I wanted to apologize
for being a jerk about Connor.
Oh, it's -- it's --
it's fine.
No, it's not,
because...
if I'm being honest, I don't
even really hate the guy.
It's just
that I'm jealous.
What?
He's a privileged,
boarding-school gay
who has everything,
including things
he doesn't deserve.
Like you.
Ha-Have you been drinking?
I'm finally telling you
how I really feel.
Please don't think
it's because I'm drunk.
So, you're gay?
I don't know.
Maybe.
All I know is
that I really like you, Oliver.
We can't do this.
'Cause he's
a closet case?
'Cause he's a closet case,
DACA kid
who's clearly in need
right now.
There's the guy
I fell in love with.
Maybe Oli's right.
I mean, how can we claim
not to be terrible people
when we're thinking
about doing something like this?
Okay. Do none of you remember
that Simon is the one
who put up killer posters
of Annalise all over campus
and that he has consistently
emotionally
and verbally taunted
all of us, including me,
every single day
at this office?
Coming from a place
of insecurity.
We're all insecure.
And we're not quitting.
So if you just came here
to talk us out of this,
then you can leave.
-Who's leaving?
-What are you doing here?
You're not supposed to be here.
Here we go.
I had a feeling
you all might try to bail.
No one's bailing.
Good.
'Cause Wes
never bailed on us.
♪♪
Can't be your therapist,
Annalise.
Why not?
Is it what I said about Sam,
about not wanting that
to happen again?
Annalise --
I was lying.
I just said that
so you'd let me go.
It's not just that.
So what Jacqueline said
was right --
I trigger you.
No.
Your daughter
killed herself,
so you're afraid of losing
a patient the same way.
No, the fact that you know
any of this
is exactly the reason
why we can't see each other.
I disagree.
Well, you need to trust
my medical opinion here.
Well, then who else
is gonna be able to help me?
Tell me! Who?!
♪♪
I'm a drunk.
You're an addict.
We've both lost people
that we love.
Please...
I need help.
And coming here,
you...
♪♪
You help me.
[ Cellphone rings ]
♪♪
Sorry.
Ugh!
♪♪
I told you not to call me.
Unless it was
a disaster.
And this is.
Are you alone?
What is it?
Laurel's father killed Wes,
and everyone's
at Caplan & Gold
trying to bankrupt
his company.
Bonnie: Refill?
I'm good.
Lightweight.
Frank's avoiding me.
Really?
Do you really think
I'd be showing up here
if I had other friends
I could be drinking with?
So I'm your
sloppy seconds?
Basically.
And he doesn't know
about Isaac.
I'd tell him...
but he'd just
make fun of me.
You told Annalise.
That's what matters.
You mean, you told her.
What?
Please don't lie to me
right now.
Okay.
One, I promise you,
I didn't say a word to Annalise
about this.
And, two, don't accuse
the one friend you have
right now of lying.
Not cool.
Nate?
How did you
get over her?
I'll tell you
when I do.
♪♪
I'm gonna order us pizza.
I don't want you throwing up
on my couch.
♪♪
We broke out
the good champagne tonight
to celebrate Antares
officially going public.
And there's truly
no one else in this firm...
Can I be honest?
Always.
No male partner
would ever give a speech
holding their purse.
...the woman
I'm about to introduce.
She has shepherded the
Antares IPO from the beginning.
Without further ado,
the woman of the hour...
Lose it,
and I'm coming after you.
...Tegan Price.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Tegan: Thank you all for coming,
and thank you, Donald,
for that introduction.
Tegan's speech is all over
in five minutes.
Be back before then,
or she'll notice
her card is missing.
We better get in sync,
then.
...on what will prove
to be...
♪ Bye bye bye ♪
[ Elevator bell dings ]
♪♪
Where's Connor?
Who cares?
Give it here.
We have
4 minutes and 18 seconds.
[ Buzzes ]
The hell, Oliver?
You said this would work.
Okay, first,
slow your roll.
Then slow your swipe.
[ Beeps ]
[ Sighs ]
Make me proud, O-town.
You know, when I first
started at C&G,
I thought, "I am so lucky
to work at one of
the top law firms in the world."
But it didn't take me long
to realize
that it's our clients
who are lucky.
All right.
Time to get my nerd on.
Come at me, firewall.
Because they get to work
with amazing people like you.
Thank you.
[ Cheers and applause ]
What are you
so worried about?
Excuse me?
You're doing that
fake-ass smile you plaster on
when you're nervous.
I don't do that.
Yeah, you do.
You do it
when you get called on in class,
you do it
when you're taking exams...
Or when I want to cut a bitch
but can't
'cause I'm at
a work function.
Thank you.
Never has Caplan & Gold
been a part
of such a massive
public offering...
Oh, no.
What?
Antares' files are split up
over multiple servers.
I can't tell
which files are on which.
[ Scoffs ]
We have to download
them all.
Yeah, I know,
or else we might not download
the files
that show illegal activity,
if there actually are any.
There are.
So you keep saying.
Can we focus?
What do you need?
You're gonna have to plug
the hard drive
in and out of each server
as we go.
Good thing I came
after all.
♪ Just the truth
and the sublime ♪
♪ So thank you ♪
♪ You need to know ♪
Antares never could've expanded
so quickly...
Come on.
...without our excellent
international law department,
headed by fellow boss-bitch
Aria Wilson.
Thank you so much, Aria.
Screw this.
[ Applause ]
So, tonight,
we celebrate Aria,
and we celebrate
each and every one of you.
♪♪
Got it.
Finished. Let's go.
♪♪
Well?
We're good.
Give this back
to Michaela.
-No.
-What?
Why not?
We need to plant it on Simon.
That's not the plan.
Yeah, well, it's better
than the plan
now that Simon's all daydreaming
about having an Oli-gasm.
You need to pretend to kiss him
and put it in his pocket.
Okay, no.
[ Sighs ] Asher's right.
Go, Oli!
You need
to get out of here.
Which way?
Here.
♪ We threw our past
in the Atlantic ♪
[ Cellphone rings ]
It's Annalise.
And thanks
to our bomb navigation
of privacy laws --
Yeah, I'm looking at you,
Judson --
[Laughs] we've made ourselves
indispensable.
So when they cash in on Monday,
so do we.
Lazlo,
have you seen Simon?
No. But hold on --
I want you to meet my wife.
Wait.
She was just here.
[ Cellphone rings ]
Hey, we're not supposed to be
using our phones.
Connor: I don't care.
Where the hell are you?
The party.
Yeah, no, I know.
Which part?
The party part.
Why?
I just told Annalise.
What?
I'll help you
however you want.
I need you
to trust me again, Laurel.
♪ Searching for purity ♪
♪ We put an end to all ♪
Are you okay?
I have to go.
Annalise, we need to finish
this conversation.
Fine, it's finished.
♪ Walking on eggshells ♪
♪ So thank you ♪
♪ You need to know ♪
Sorry, look out, sorry.
On your left.
Sor--
Lazlo: Oliver!
I found her.
This is my wife, Mariah.
Oh, Laz has told me
so much about you.
So sorry --
bathroom emergency.
♪ You brought me home ♪
[ Elevator bell dings ]
♪ 'Cause you dragged me out ♪
♪ Of a mile-deep hollow ♪
♪ So thank you ♪
[ Sighs ]
Nothing's wrong yet,
so don't worry.
[ Sighs ]
They're gonna be mad.
They're always mad,
so...
[ Exhales sharply ]
It'll be fine.
[ Elevator bell dings ]
♪ Of a mile-deep hollow ♪
♪ Thank you ♪
We've got a problem.
Annalise knows everything.
What's wrong?
What's on your face?
Oh, my God.
Oliver.
Oh, my God!
♪ Thank you ♪
Pretend to kiss him,
put it in his pocket.
Okay, no.
Asher's right.
Go, Oli!
You need
to get out of here.
Which way?
Here.
[ Cellphone rings ]
It's Annalise.
Answer it.
Michaela: Do not answer!
What the hell
is taking so long?
Server complications,
but we got it.
Thank God.
Okay, where's Oliver?
He's planting
the key card on Simon.
W-Why?
Simon loves him!
You don't change a plan
in the middle!
Michaela, it's fine.
No, it's not fine.
Simon: What is Oliver
planting on me?
A big smooch on your lips,
'cause you're gay!
No, you said key card.
Does this have something to do
with the party?
Hey, somebody better start
talking right now
before I go tell Tegan.
I'll pay you
to keep quiet.
How much do you want?
$50,000?
$100,000?
Just name your price,
Simon.
Tell me what's in that bag
first.
No.
Okay.
Well, then, let me look.
[ All shouting ]
Oh, my God.
Asher: What is your problem?
She's pregnant.
Simon, no!
Give it back!
Why do you have that?
Simon: What the hell?!
You brought a gun into
a workplace?! Are you insane?!
Simon, just hear me out --
Hey, back the hell
away from me!
Michaela: Hey!
You are pointing a gun
at pregnant lady!
I'm not gonna shoot anybody.
So please just put it down,
okay?
Okay, well --
Please, just -- just --
Stop coming at me --
[ Gunshot ]
[ Gasps ] Aah!
[ Breathing heavily ]
[ Heavy breathing continues ]
Asher, no!
What are you doing?
We can't just leave
Laurel's gun here.
No, it's not registered
to me!
It's a murder weapon!
He shot himself!
No one's
gonna believe that!
It's the truth!
Put it back!
Put it --
[ Elevator bell dings ]
The elevator.
Oh.
We have a problem.
Annalise knows everything.
What's wrong?
What's on your face?
♪♪
Oh, my God!
One more sound, and my father's
gonna kill us all.
Okay?
Okay.
You've reached Oliver Hampton.
Leave a message.
[ Beep ]
Oli, where are you?
Call me back.
...so we deserve to party
just as hard as they do.
So let's get to it!
Drink! Dance!
[ Cheers and applause ]
Shake
what your mama gave you.
[ Laughs ]
Somebody call 911!
Wait! Not yet!
He's dying!
He's already dead.
Okay.
You have to leave.
What?
If your Dad knows you were here,
he'll figure everything out,
so you have to get in a taxi
and pay in cash
and take that hard drive back
to your apartment.
But --
Go!
I've got this, Laurel!
Just go.
Wait, wait!
It's okay.
Okay, okay, okay.
Okay.
Okay, okay.
Uh...
Oliver,
give me the key card.
[ Crying ] I've never seen
a dead body before.
Key card!
It's in my pocket.
Okay.
Okay. The gun.
Careful.
I know.
♪♪
Hold on,
hold on, hold on.
Quit micromanaging me!
I'm trying to save your ass!
I'm not micromanaging.
It was here.
Are you sure?
Yes!
♪♪
Okay.
Now call 911.
[ Cellphone ringing ]
Hello?
How could you be
so stupid?
What?
Connor told me everything.
Okay, just listen.
You don't want your name
in this.
I was trying
to protect you.
So you put another pregnant
woman in danger?
You -- You haven't learned
anything?
I wouldn't do that.
Laurel's at home.
No, she's not.
What?
Connor said she showed up, so I
don't care what you have to do,
just get them out of there
before they do anything stupid.
[ Elevator bell dings ]
♪♪
Help!
911 Operator:
Sir, who's the victim?
Asher: It's my friend,
Simon Drake.
He shot himself
in the head.
Please hurry.
Excuse me.
Simon's dead.
Go to Laurel's
before the police come.
Michaela.
What happened?
[ Sobbing ] He had a gun.
I don't -- I don't know.
I don't know why.
Why? Why would he...?
Deep breaths.
Stay with me.
[ Gasping ]
Look at me.
No, look at me.
♪♪
[ Woman screaming ]
I'm not gonna shoot.
Just put it down, okay?
[ Gunshot ]
[ Gasps ] Aah!
-Oh, my God!
-Okay. You have to leave.
What?
If your Dad knows you were here,
he'll figure everything out,
so you have to get in a taxi
and pay in cash
and take that hard drive back
to your apartment.
But --
Go!
I've got this, Laurel!
Just go.
Wait, wait!
♪♪
It's okay.
It's okay. Okay, okay, okay.
Okay, okay. Okay.
Now go.
♪♪
Man: Where we going?
6712 Hamilton Street.
[ Exhales shakily ]
[ Cellphone beeps ]
I need you to leave that party
right now
and come to my hotel --
Easton, room 1106.
I'll help you
however you want.
I need you to trust me again,
Laurel.
♪♪
[ Sniffles ]
Turn around.
Take me to the Easton Hotel.
♪♪
♪ I... ♪
♪ I'm in love tonight ♪
[ Elevator bell dings ]
♪ There's beauty in the room ♪
[ Elevator whirs ]
[ Gasps ]
[ Groans ]
[ Blood splatters ]
♪♪
Oh, my God!
Let go!
[ Coughing ]
♪♪
[ Elevator stops ]
[ Buttons clicking ]
♪♪
[ Clicking continues ]
What?
Aah! Aah!
[ Groaning ]
[ Breathing heavily ]
[ Gasping ]
Oh, no.
Oh, my God.
[ Groaning ]
[ Breathing shakily ]
[ Groans ]
[ Panting ]
[ Dialing ]
♪♪
[ Exhales shakily ]
Help!
[ Heart beating ]
♪♪
Help!
Somebody, please!
[ Whimpers ]
[ Weakly ] Help me.
♪♪
[ Groaning ]
Help.
Help me.
[ Groans ]
[ Breathing rapidly ]
Help me. Help me.
Help me.
Somebody, please help me.
Aah! Aah!
Aaah!
[ Ringing ]
It's Laurel.
Leave a message,
but I'll probably never listen.
[ Beeps ]
Where the hell are you?
I swear to God, Laurel...
Call me back!
♪♪
Annalise: Laurel?
[ Footsteps approaching ]
Laurel, I called the police.
They're on their way.
[ Grunts ]
Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God. Laurel.
Laurel. Wake up!
Laurel! Wake up!
Laurel, wake up!
[ Breathing heavily ]
911 Operator:
Is the baby breathing?
I can't reach him!
Where's
the damn paramedics?!
They're on their way.
I'm going to help you
until they get there.
What's taking them
so long?!
Ma'am, you need to
get to the baby.
I told you,
I can't reach him!
Keep trying.
I need you to start compressions
as soon as possible.
Dr. Murphy:
GSW to the head.
Depressed skull fracture.
It's a through and through.
Dr. Nelson:
Prepare for an emergency crany.
[ Monitors beeping ]
[ Police radio chatter ]
Sir?
Detective Fisher.
I understand you witnessed
what happened here.
Annalise: I got him.
911 Operator: The EMTs are
less than five minutes away.
Keep trying.
I got him.
Good. I'm gonna need you
to clamp the umbilical cord.
Find something
to tie it off.
A shoestring,
a rubber band...
Do you see anything nearby?
I have a phone charger!
Perfect. That's gonna work.
You're doing great.
Hurry, tell me what to do.
The paramedics
are very close.
Dr. Murphy:
Hand me the clamp.
Dr. Nelson: Intracranial
pressure is elevated.
BP is dropping.
Heart rate?
He's bradying down.
Push the epi!
[ Monitors beeping ]
Annalise: I cut the cord.
Good.
Now bring the baby to you.
He's not breathing!
I'm going to walk you
through CPR.
You can do this.
I'm right here to help.
[ Cellphone rings ]
I'm waiting to
talk to the detective.
Laurel's not here.
What do you mean?
Where is she?
I don't know.
That's why I'm calling you.
Why isn't she here,
Michaela?
[ Crying ] He came early. She
wasn't supposed to have him yet.
She's only at 7 months.
911 Operator: That's okay.
The ambulance is almost there.
Can you get the baby
through the gate?
Talk to me as you go.
Ma'am?
Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
What?
They're arresting Asher.
♪♪
See? I told all of you
that this was going to happen.
I mean, when are we
gonna finally learn
our freakin' lesson?
We can't keep expecting to
get away with these things!
Why are you doing this?
Simon's dead.
Laurel's probably dead.
She probably drove off a bridge
with the driver.
All of this
was for nothing.
We'll go to jail,
like we all should...
911 Operator:
Ma'am, how are you doing?
Just keep talking to me.
Okay.
I'm here to help you.
All right.
I got him.
Great.
[ Breathing heavily ]
I got him!
You're doing so well.
And I just got word
the paramedics should be
arriving any minute.
Okay.
[ Coughs ]
What do I do now?
You're gonna perform CPR.
I'll talk you through it.
First,
place the baby gently...
Dr. Murphy:
O2 stats are dropping!
He's in V-fib!
Dr. Nelson: Start CPR!
[ Monitors beeping rapidly ]
Push straight down
about half an inch
with each compression.
I'm afraid
I'm gonna hurt him.
Start gently.
You'll know how much pressure.
Talk me through
where you are.
♪ If my heart is idle? ♪
♪ Am I doomed? ♪
Okay. It's not working.
Just keep going.
The goal is about 120...
No, it's not working!
...to 140 compressions
per minute.
Okay. I don't know
what you're talking about.
That's okay. I'll count it out
with you, all right?
Ready? Let's go --
1, 2, 3, 4,
5, 6, 7, 8...
[ Defibrillator discharges ]
Dr. Nelson: Clear.
[ Flatline ]
Dr. Murphy: Do it again?
The EMTs are less
than two minutes away.
Just keep going till they get
there. You've got this.
♪ Cradle me ♪
♪ So I can see ♪
I'm going to stay on the phone
with you
until the paramedics arrive.
[ Defibrillator discharges ]
Annalise: Live. Live.
Are you still with me,
ma'am?
Tell me what you need.
Is everything okay?
Live.
Ma'am?
I'm here with you.
Just breathe and stay focused.
Live.
You're not alone.
Ma'am?
Live.
Are you still there?
Ma'am?
[ Crying ]
Live.
[ Baby cries ]
♪♪